Update install.md (#66)
misskey-dev/misskey-hub: src/en/docs/install.md

[See here](./install/bash.html)

## Manually
[See here](./install/manual.html)

## Using Yunohost

> [See here](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/misskey_ynh) 

Reviewer: I think in that case it would be nicer to write something like this:

```suggestion
Misskey can be installed as an App on YunoHost. For more information see [the YunoHost repository](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/misskey_ynh).
```
